[3.12] gh-117535: Ignore makeup file name "sys" for warnings (#118014)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-04-17-23-38-06.gh-issue-117535.4Fgjlq.rst

> Do not try to get the source line for makeup file name "sys" in :mod:`warnings`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not try to get the source line for made up file name "sys" in :mod:`warnings`.
```
